Let's look at the next part of this video which is Mocks.
Now in order to effectively isolate the code we want to test,
sometimes it's necessary to pre-set up or entirely remove some parts of
the code to create the right conditions and not to let other bugs affect tests.
Now what I'm going to do is I am going to give you a short example of what this means.
So if you remember that e-commerce application,
we had a method called getUsers.
Now the getUsers fetches the User deal,
and that is fetched from the UserRepository, from the database.
Now, it might be unnecessary to
really make a connection to the database in order to fetch the user.
In that case, what we do is we stub or substitute
the user repository with the mock object or something that is alike,
the UseRepository object and that is Mocks, that is stubbing.